Israel's military says that it has found
the bodies of three Israeli hostages in
Gaza among them are German Israeli
Shaunie L who was presumed to be dead
after images of her Twisted body in the
back of a pickup truck were seen during
the October 7th terrorist attack a
military spokesman said that the three
were killed by Hamas at the Nova music
festival and then their bodies were
taken into Gaza
here is more from the Israeli
spokesman they were celebrating life in
the Nova music festival and they were
murdered by
Hamas their bodies were transferred to
Medical Professional for forensic
examination and
identification after the procedure was
completed we notified their
families our hearts go out to them all
right I want to go now to our special
correspondent a Ibrahim she is in
Jerusalem covering this story for us
good to see you a what more what more do
we know at this point about these three
hostages so we know that uh their
remains were recovered in an overnight
operation that's according to the
Israeli uh military spokesperson Daniel
hagari who we've also just heard uh from
Shany Luke as you mentioned a dual
Israeli uh German uh National um she had
been presumed dead for a while now uh as
as as the Israeli military had
previously found a part of her skull
that was identified uh but the other two
a young woman in her late 20s and a a
man in his early 50s there hadn't really
been any signs of life from them since
they were taken on October 7th so of
course there was some hope that they
might be exchanged uh in a deal with
Hamas that they might be released or
might be found it's a devastating
devastating news for the families of the
hostages of course but really for the
entire uh country this news coming uh
this uh uh Shabbat afternoon as every as
as life here in Israel winds down for
the day of rest we've also heard for the
from the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu I'm just going to read to you
the statement that they just put out he
said this terrible loss is heartbreaking
and that him and his wife Sarah are
grieving um he also said that they that
we will return all of our hostages the
living and the deceased alike this is
likely to cause more anger tomorrow uh
in the weekly protests that have been
taking place calling on the Israeli
government to reach a deal uh to return
the hostages alive to their loved ones
and with this news this is likely uh to
cause a lot of anger uh tomorrow here in
Israel yeah definitely the news that
people in Israel did not want to hear
this Friday our special correspondent a
Ibrahim in Jerusalem tonight ya thank
you